# Movie Theater Finder Web Application

*For the best visual results, please run this web app using Google Chrome.*

The following web application provides the user with a list of movies and an option to find theaters by a zip code. The zip code is inputted by the user and respective theaters will come up in that area. The user can select the theater and view which movies and what times the movies are showing per theater. The user can then select a movie and can "purchase" (purchasing is simulated not actually verified nor processed) tickets for a specified movie. Once the user has purchased tickets a confirmation page with an option to print will appear. 

## Technologies Used

The following application was developed with Java EE in NetBeans using JSF with web technologies HTML/CSS/jQuery to present a fully functional front-end and back-end application. The zip codes, movies and movie theater information are all stored in a SQL database to which are accessed by the application using JPA. The SQL file for creating the database is included in this package.

## File Descriptions

### XHTML Files

1. **Home.xhtml** - Home page of the application. Displays all the movies in the database as well as clickable poster images which will redirect the user to another page to learn more about the movie. Additionally the user can enter a zipcode and if the zipcode is in the database it will redirect the user to another page to display theater results.

2. **MoviePosterDetails.xhtml** - A page that will display the selected movie details from the home page.

3. **TheatersLookUp.xhtml** - A page that will display filtered theater results by the entered zipcode. These theaters are selectable and if one is selected it will redirect the user to another page to show the movie showings for that theater.

4. **MoviesLookUp.xhtml** - A page that will display the filtered movie results by the previously selected theater. These movies have showtimes which the user can select which showtime they would like to go purchase tickets for. The user will get redirected after a showtime selection.

5. **SelectedShowtime.xhtml** - A page that will display the filtered movie details and the showtime associated with the movie. The user can enter how many tickets they would like to purchase and continue to checkout which will redirect them to another page.

6. **Checkout.xhtml** - A page that shows which movie has been selected at what time and which theater. The user will need to enter their payment information if they wish to purchase tickets.

7. **ThankYou.xhtml** - A confirmation page that greets the user with a Thank You and option to print. 

### Java Files

1. **CinemaEJB.java** - The enterprise java bean which has access to the database entity files associated with the database used in this project.

2. **MainPageManager.java** - The Java Server Faces managed bean which has methods that manage the main page elements and redirection to the main page.

3. **TheatersMoviesManager.java** - The Java Server Faces managed bean which has methods that manage the accessiblity to the database values through the CinemaEJB.java file. This file is used for obtaining and providing the values needed to get the theaters and movies results to pass it to the front end.

4. **Movieposters.java** - Generated by NetBeans: Entity class from database.

5. **Movies.java** - Generated by NetBeans: Entity class from database.

6. **Theaters.java** - Generated by NetBeans: Entity class from database.

<hr></hr>

## TODO List (How It Can Be Improved) & Moving Forward

There are a couple of adjustments that can be made that will benefit the readability and reusability of this project. Here are a few adjustments that can be made below:

1. Create a separate .css file and reference to that .css file in all of the .xhtml files instead of using an in-line css file.
2. Adjust the .css file so that there is continuity between all browsers regarding appearance.
